Scenarios Objectives -- ATHZ - INPV (#609)
OWASP/wstg: document/4-Web_Application_Security_Testing/06-Session_Management_Testing/01-Testing_for_Session_Management_Schema.md

Another pattern of attack consists of overflowing a cookie. Strictly speaking, this attack has a different nature, since here testers are not trying to recreate a perfectly valid cookie. Instead, the goal is to overflow a memory area, thereby interfering with the correct behavior of the application and possibly injecting (and remotely executing) malicious code.

## Test Objectives

> - Gather sessions, for the same user and for different ones where possible.
> - Analyze and ensure that enough randomness exists to stop session forging attacks.
> - Modify cookies that are not signed and contain information that can be manipulated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Gather session tokens, for the same user and for different users where possible.
- Analyze and ensure that enough randomness exists to stop session forging attacks.
- Modify cookies that are not signed and contain information that can be manipulated.
```

Are cookies ever signed or should that be genericized to `tokens`?
